---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: UI Basics Technical Essay
date: 2020-09-21
labels:
  - Management and Information Systems
  - ITM 352
  - UI Basics Technical Essay
---
# E1: UI Basics Technical Essay
<p>I was very overwhelmed after reading the instructions for BrowserHistory1. After the first few steps I began to have issues and my browser was not rendering the results I expected. I was confused as to how to approach the following steps, so I referred to the screencast solution. I listened to the screencast for direction and completed the WOD. I began recording the second attempt and felt more comfortable, but it took me twenty-six minutes. I began to screencast my third attempt to see if I could make it under the average time, but I was still taking longer than twenty-five minutes. I re-watched the screencast solution before beginning my fourth attempt. Finally, I was able to complete the WOD under sixteen minutes.</p> 
<p>I did not expect the BrowserHistory1 WOD process to take as long as it did. The entire process took me almost two hours! Luckily, BrowserHistory2 and BrowserHistory3 took about thirty minutes each to complete. They were very refreshing compared to the first WOD. The WODs this week were a good ITM352 learning experience. I learned to take WODs seriously and set aside a good amount of time to complete them. I believe the WODs really improved the skills I have learned in this class so far. After multiple attempts, I felt very accomplished for being able to complete the WODs within Rx time. I look forward to completing more WODs and continuing to develop my skills for ITM352!</p>

