---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Retrospective Blog
date: 2020-12-21
labels:
  - Management and Information Systems
  - ITM 352
  - Assignment 3 Checkpoint
---
# Assignment #3 Retrospective Blog
<p><br>What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned?</br>
I was able to successfully create product pages, login and registration pages, a shopping cart page, and implement cookies and sessions into the website. I am having issues with generating my products into the cart and creating a mailer. In my checkpoint I had also wanted to create a shopping cart window that previews in the product pages while you are shopping but was unable to do so due to time constraints.
<br>Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?</br>
I’m having some issues with the shopping cart and am not sure if I was able to create a fully functionable cart that links to an invoice :(
<br>What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed?</br>
My biggest challenge was loading the products correctly. I had difficulties with this and could not figure it out on my own. I was able to receive help from Professor Port to create a function to display and link my pages in the navbar. I wish I would have had more time to work on this project. I’m currently in four other classes and work full time. My last two weeks of school were very busy and I felt as if this assignment was rushed. I wish I had more time to design the best website that I could.
<br>What is your assessment of the overall quality of the system?</br>
I believe I have created a successful website that meets most of the requirements. The only thing that is not fully functional is the shopping cart.
<br>What is needed before this system can be placed into operation?</br>
A successful shopping cart.
<br>Describe what you are most proud of about this project:</br>
I am most satisfied with my login and registration. I like that the navbar displays the username of the user after successfully creating a cookie for them. This personalizes their experience with the website. I’m also proud of everything that I was able to learn despite feeling rushed and being busy. I have learned a lot of valuable skills from this course and especially this assignment.
<br>Describe what you are least happy with this project:</br>
I am least happy with my shopping cart. I wish I had more time to continue to fix this issue.
<br>Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. "I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization"):</br>
I did not work with a team member on this assignment.</p>
