---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflecting on Assignment 2
date: 2020-12-01
labels:
  - Management and Information Systems
  - ITM 352
  - Reflecting on Assignment 2
---
# E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2
<p>1. What did you learn from this assignment?
Assignment 2 taught me many things. First, I learned how to fix my mistakes from Assignment 1. This was a very valuable lesson in itself. I learned how to code more efficiently, how to document my code more accurately, and how to improve everything from my previous assignment. Up until now I feel as if ITM 352 has been a class where I feel as if I am barely keeping up or fully understanding all of the little concepts that are a part of programming. However, after fixing Assignment 1 and creating Assignment 2 I feel as if all of the material and skills that I have learned from ITM 352 came together. I am glad I had this experience and I very much enjoyed the process of creating Assignment 2.
  
2. Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I did not work with a partner on Assignment 2.

3. How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I was able to get help from Professor Port and some of my classmates when I was struggling with fixing Assignment 1 and starting Assignment 2. Professor Port spent a lot of time going over Assignment 1 with me, which really helped me kickstart Assignment 2. I also reached out to a few classmates via email and text in order to help me resolve smaller issues with Assignment 2.

4. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
Developing this assignment consisted more of fixing and improving Assignment 1 then it did of creating a completely new assignment. It also had a lot to do with personalized data, which was different from Assignment 1. I had to create custom experiences for each user and make sure that all of their data was saved correctly. This assignment had more to do with the server and the browser then the design and creation of the actual web application.

5. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging.
I spent about two days thinking about how to approach the assignment and trying a few things, then I spent about a day writing code and another day testing it. In between these days I also worked on the assignment and searched for help from classmates and on the web.

6. Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
I really enjoyed the help I was able to receive for this assignment. When I was working on Assignment 1 I was very shy and ashamed to ask for help. I’m glad I was able to ask for help and work more efficiently on this assignment. I also thought it was good that I spent time studying the labs and Assignment 1 in order to thoroughly understand the code that I was writing in Assignment 2. 

7. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I would start earlier and seek more help earlier on in the process. Although I spent a lot of time on this assignment, I still felt as if I was rushing towards the end. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that there probably will never be enough time to work on an assignment.</p>
